cmatrix 3.1xlah - 01/02/2026 - Xylia Allegretta:
	  Heya! While I generally liked the improvements made in 3.0ca1,
	I definitely still liked having the old features around, and so
	I felt it'd be a good idea to try to add them back while keeping
	the additions. Unfortunately, I found that cmatrix.c (and the
	whole repository, to be honest), was a *complete* mess. The most
	annoying thing was definitely the space indentation instead of
	tabs, making navigating with a text editor like nano entirely
	miserable, but pretty much everything was entirely unworkable,
	with nonsensical spacing and formatting, several random unused
	variables, barely any comments, a different variable for each
	flag, and a bunch of other weirdness. The other files in the
	repo were also in a bad state, with many of them just being
	'dummy' files, and a lot of useful information present in
	1.2a now missing. Anyway, so, I've been spending a good number
	of hours trying to refactor this code while adding new (and old)
	features, and I think the result has been pretty good, although
	libncursesw is certainly getting on my nerves. Feel free to check
	the ChangeLog for more detailed information. Oh, and happy new year!

cmatrix 3.0ca1 - 05/07/2024 - Chris Allegretta:
	  This build of CMatrix streamlines many options and re-writes
	sections as a personal challenge. It requires wide character
	ncurses support (ncursesw), and does away with all the font
	nonsense, in favor of a simple rending of the fonts using their
	Japanese alphabet and Arabic numeral UTF-8 versions, even if
	they are flipped from their 'proper' direction. It also eliminates
	the 'old-style' scrolling from the original Windows screensaver,
	which was never authentic to the movie to begin with.

cmatrix 1.2a - 03/31/2002 - Chris Allegretta:
	  Happy Easter!  After a long, long dormant period, CMatrix 
	has finally seen a new release.  The static limitations
	on size are now history, as the matrix size is allocated
	dynamically.  CMatrix can now also be resized on the
	fly. Also, the -f option has been reversed, it now turns
	the "linux" $TERM type on instead of off; most modern
	GNU/Linux systems don't seem to need this option anymore.
	There is now also a .spec file included for easy build.

cmatrix 1.1b - 04/09/2000 - Chris Allegretta:
	  CMatrix 1.1b includes support for the consolechars command
	as well as the older setfont.  Also included is better
	autoconf support and more helpful instruction in the
	Makefiles.

cmamtrix 1.1a - 04/03/2000 - Chris Allegretta:
	  After a hiatus, interest in the project has seemed to swell,
	so I'm releasing a (hopefully) improved and updated version of
	CMatrix. As with nano, CMatrix has a page at SourceForge.net
	to further facilitate development, as well as two mailing
	lists, cmatrix-announce@lists.sourceforge.net and
	cmatrix-devellists.sourceforge.net.  Anyone is welcome
	to join and participate in the further development
	of CMatrix, particularly people have contributed up until
	now in it's development =-)
